hey y'all
my steel-string
naked excited good I've been asked a
time
a little baby blue checkered bra
yeah that's hot
all torn up jeans
oh yeah
that's sexy country-western glitter
cowgirl hat
it's raining outside today
[Music]
I got me catching a cold but I want to
sing your song song I'm working on them
right now it's about my 1979 mercury
cover
and this is a true story
well it was my
[Music]
it was my first
what does
for the
[Music]
most
push
[Music]
Oh
she's here stay
[Music]
since two
Oh
would have been
[Music]
the leather
she's guys too
together
is
[Music]
Oh
Lube you
I think I'm gonna keep that night
the glove development against me
[Music]
to grab my lighter
think I want to keep this catchy West
you check it wrong - yeah like me